Ashley Wu was given a project to build a custom 2-axis Camera Gimbal using
the Arduino platform, this project aims to assess the difficulty and
process of building our own at WAVELab. The project is highly complex
requiring in-depth knowledge in both Electrical Engineering and Computer
Science. Ashley has made a strong attempt in approaching this difficult
project from the start, she is an active listener and has demonstrated
a good level of professionalism during her coop. On top of her
responsibility of building a 2-axis Camera Gimbal, she has also helped
model and build 3D printed landing legs for a quadrotor. Through the co-op
experience she has gained invaluable knowledge of how to program in C++
and basics of Electrical Engineering.

Despite a strong start there are several things that needs improvement.
First, Ashley has been afraid to ask for help or speak up when she is
struggling with concepts she has not come across before, leading to unmet
targets throughout the coop term. Second, breaking gimbal motors is
expected in this project but Ashley has failed to learn from mistakes,
which led up to 4 gimbal motors being broken in a very short period of
time. Third, Ashley can be too shy to challenge technical decisions made
for her leading to unideal outcomes. It is worth noting that her coop term
may have been influenced by her health issues throughout, regardless of
the improvements she needs to make I am encouraged by Ashley's drive for
personal excellence, and I believe with time and experience Ashley can
address these issues in the very near future.

Ashley, I know this coop term has been difficult to you, you have
atttempted to build the gimbal with good intensions, however you must
learn to communicate your problems concisely and effectively inorder to
alleviate the issues you may have, the lack of communication has led to
unmet expectations.

Further, in the mid-term evaluation it was clear you were struggling with
the project, and you were given a chance to choose other things to do in
the lab, but you chose to stick with the project you were struggling with
and there has been little improvement since we gave you the feedback.

In order to succeed in future you must learn to reflect on your limits and
be honest with yourself in what you are capable with, being unassertive
and afraid to communicate your issues and limits was the most detrimental
problem during your coop in my opinion. I hope you will learn from this
experience and improve upon your future coops next time.
